#7890: align applicationContext-print.xml to work with upgraded mapfi… (#7891)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

- This step is needed only for custom project with a specific `publicPath` different from the default one. In this case you may need to specify what folder deliver the  cesium build ( by default `dist/cesium`). To do that, you can add the  `cesiumBaseUrl` parameter in the webpack dev and prod configs to the correct location of the cesium static assets, widgets and workers folder.

> ### Upgrading the printing engine
> The mapfish-print based printing engine has been upgraded to align to the latest official 2.1.5 in term of functionalities.
> 
> An update to the MapStore printing engine context file (applicationContext-print.xml) is needed for all projects built with the printing profile enabled. The following sections should be added to the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upgrading the printing engine

The printing engine has been upgraded and aligned to the latest official `mapfish-print` `2.1.5` in term of functionalities.

An update to the context file `applicationContext-print.xml` is needed for all the MapStore projects built with the printing profile enabled. The following sections should be added to the file:
```

> An update to the MapStore printing engine context file (applicationContext-print.xml) is needed for all projects built with the printing profile enabled. The following sections should be added to the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An update to the MapStore printing engine context file (`applicationContext-print.xml`) is needed for all projects built with the printing profile enabled. The following sections should be added to the file:
```
